Clarify guidelines on AI-generated content (#243)
ropensci-org/blog-guidance: authorcontent.Rmd

Use your own voice when you’re writing this. 
Our website has a professional tone but is less formal than, for example, an academic journal.

> We don't accept content that's fully AI-generated, the ideas and words should be yours, and we ask that you disclose how you used any AI tools.

Author: Should we add something about languages? Something like:

> If you need to use AI tools because English isn't your first language, reach out to us; we have a translation workflow (with AI assistance) that can help turn your draft into English.

Also:

If we ask for disclosure (as we do in the package review), we should add it to the checklist. 
Not sure if we actually want that.

> We don't accept content that's fully AI-generated, the ideas and words should be yours, and we ask that you disclose how you used any AI tools.

Author: ```suggestion
We don't accept content that's fully AI-generated, the ideas and words should be yours. You’re welcome to use tools that support your writing process, but the final piece should reflect your own perspective and voice.
```

> We don't accept content that's fully AI-generated, the ideas and words should be yours. You’re welcome to use tools that support your writing process, but the final piece should reflect your own perspective and voice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't accept content that's fully AI-generated, the ideas and words should be yours. You’re welcome to use tools (including AI tools) to support your writing process, but the final piece should reflect your own perspective and voice.
```
